Thoughts about the paper:
Digital Discovery's parameters, etc.?
more about what we learned about ai’s limitations?
less jargon--more easily understandable, more like easy posters'

fewer acronyms
Graphs from my head:
• Dispense speed (grams/revolution)
• What metric are we using to show how "well" it dispesnes things?
speed?
accuracy? (that's a control problem)
• results of each test?
• Results of each powder after 30 seconds of spinning kind of thing?
this is the E1 graph
• time to terminate dose is good.
• mass v time is good (showing in real time how it dispenses)
• Several of the graphs are confusing. The first one looks helpful but is frustratingly hard to understand, largely also becasue of jargon and acronyms
Of what's already on the paper:
• platform overview is helpful, others are not
add coordinate frame into picture?

• cross section is helpful
• design case studies are helpful
Sterling's Notes:

keep the timeline in it, or # of pings per time, etc. timeline is relevant
Helpful Graphs:
A2 - good information to display graphically.
• keep visual separation between food safe and research relevant
• no data for the ones that really didn't dispense (negligible amounts)
• Caption clarificatoins about other factors, i..e fil level, shape, etc., that weren't controlled for here
what was the fill level for all of these?
• raw data available where?
F1:

RSD?
mes with it, clarify, like the idea


E1:

used a simple method, in future work control problem will be sovled


we need graphs that show:
unique powder type (food safe v reserac relevant)
the ones that flowed fast
the ones that were accurate when we tried to be accurate (under the same procedure)
time to get to a dose point (function of dose rate, but still helpful)

what didn't flow well, wy didn't it flow well.

SEM images to characterize


---why did they stall???

C2 is good

supplemetnal includes table of test--move to main

What we still need:
scatterplot of dose error vs time to dose

pull from G
include the tap vs feed rate (G2?) - same feed rate can mean differetn tap response
RE-run G for the powders we're missing
• powders that do work at 90 but not the otehrs, and vice versa
• 50, 200, 1000 mg (Block H)
50 is about the noise cieling
add into the data where everyting was (food safe in lab, research relevant in fume hood)

@the U they're trying to dispense 0.1-10 mg

Future work:
THis data can charactereize the powders

changing revolution speed, we can tell if it's a cohesive powder or not


note that for the ones that didn't dispnse, it's probably a design thing--

Note: we're trying to showcase the powder doser, not the powders

table showing tests we ran (blocks) clearly and succinctly?